# smart_crib
	As early as a few decades ago, there are in the British university students to design intelligent crib related, it can adjust the bed temperature at any time, so as to reduce the incidence rate of infant death syndrome. At present, with the development of control technology and sensor technology, wearable equipment in many aspects of development. Baby for this group of wearable devices, requirements will be higher, but it will be relatively expensive price. Because now the wireless technology becomes more mature, so it is applied to all aspects of life. In considering the price and technology conditions, many people are using single chip technology and embedded technology to solve the problem of the baby care. The design on the basis of the design, application of wireless technology, let the guardianship of infants more easily.
	In order to solve the sleeping baby in the state, parents may not always stay around the abnormal situation that might occur, the design of a AT89C52 as the main chip, combined with the temperature and humidity sensor, voice detection module and wireless WIFI module use, cry issued so as to detect the baby is sleeping under the bed wetting, have a fever, and kick the quilt the baby woke up, and all of these abnormal conditions by way of wireless transmission to inform parents. The temperature and humidity module with bedwetting detection and real-time temperature monitoring function, voice detection module in the baby crying when sending a notification message to the client, the wireless WIFI module will inform the abnormal situation all the guardian. The design scheme is reasonable and feasible, and has certain practicability.
	The design is mainly divided into control part and detection part £¬and  message transmission part. The detection part is responsible for the abnormal situation, the design requirements of temperature and humidity sensor to detect bed temperature and humidity control part; single chip to play, request processing and control message transfer part responsible for the anomalies detected; message transmission is accomplished by wireless WIFI requirements under the control of MCU, the exception message spread out.
